Please take a few minutes to reflect on your experience in CSE 111 and
think about the challenges, successes, and all that you've learned
along the way.


Now, please respond thoroughly (1 - 2 paragraphs for each question) to
the following questions.

1. Describe an experience you had this semester where you saw the power of
functions.
    I really enjoyed this class. I am an applied math major, so I had to take 
cs241 (Survey of Object Oriented Programming) a few semesters ago. It was 
really overwhelming and I didn't feel like I got as much out of it as I could 
have if I had a little more background knowledge. When I added a data science 
minor, I had to add this class, and I am so grateful! This class helped me to 
fill the gaps that left me feeling so flustered in cs241.
    One time in particular that I felt like I was finally understanding the 
concept of functions and the power they have was actually when I was working 
on a project for another class. I noticed I was copy and pasting the same chunk 
of code over and over again and because of what I had learned in this class, I 
turned that chunk of code into a function! And it worked! And it cleaned up my
code very nicely.  


2. In your judgment, what is the value of test functions?
    Test functions are awesome! They help us to double check that our functions 
are actually doing what we think they are doing. You can write a test function to 
fit most any situation. I have never used a test function with pandas before, but 
in my final project I was able to make a test function which double checked that 
my filter function left me with the data that I had expected. 


3. Describe your process for troubleshooting and fixing a program that
has a problem. What is one thing you can do to improve your process?
    I like to build test functions and use the debugger for different 
circumstances. Test functions take more work, but they are a little more 
straight forward and easier for me to understand, so I prefer to use 
those when I can. I think that using the debugger however, is a more effective
way to see the big picture. You can run it from start to finish on your 
code, where as test functions can test snippets throughout. 