Significant Program Proposal

(This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best knowledge
at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the beginning to the
end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and some of the ideas we
proposed change. This is part of completing any project and is fine.
However, we still must write a proposal so that our teachers or
supervisors know what we intend to do. Please answer each of the
following questions to the best of your knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
The title of my program will be student_performance.py

2. What real world problem will your program address or help to solve?
In this program I will analyze a dataset I found on kaggle.com to make 
observations, comparisons, and conclusions about how a student performs 
in school according to other factors in their lives. This dataset provides 
information on their parents' education level, gender, race, lunch 
arrangements, and whether or not they took an optional test preparation 
course. 

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
I have a data science minor and am very interested in statistics and data, 
so I am looking forward to getting more practice with pandas and improving 
my ability analyze and draw conclusions from data and especially to turn 
those conclusions into some type of graphic that can help relay the conclusions 
I find to someone else that doesn't understand the data. 

4. What Python modules will your program use? (Some examples are: csv,
datetime, functools, matplotlib, math, pandas, pytest, random, requests,
and tkinter.)
I will use pandas and matplotlib for this project. I also have heard that a library
called altair is useful in making graphic representations of data, so I will try using 
that as well. 

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?
Yes. I will incorporate functions as I clean up and reorganize the data. 

6. Will you write test functions to test many of your program functions?
Yes. I don't totally understand how it's going to work yet, but the instructions 
make it seem like it will all be ok. :)